Sep 10th, 2019
Ella Fan
XXX university
One University Drive, Orange, CA, 92866
jpwilliams@example.edu
To the Review Committee,
I am writing to you on behalf of Hongyao, Tang, one of the brightest and most promising pupils I’ve come across in my 27 years as a psychology professor here at Chapman University. SBC would certainly profit from Hongyao’s acceptance into Graduate Online MCIT program at University of Pennsylvania.


It’s hard for someone to stand out in a lecture hall filled with 100 students, but it didn’t take long for me to notice Hongyao. I’ve had the pleasure of teaching him in a number of mechanical and thermal courses over the past 4 years and have worked with him on his final year project. His participation is always welcome as he asks questions that are well thought out, proving he has a high level of comprehension but that he wants to delve even deeper into the more complex theories. I am reminded of myself when I see Hongyao’s indisputable passion for innovation and all things related to the study of the Engineering. He admitted to reading most of my research journal articles in his spare time. We’ve discussed these readings, amongst others, at great length after class.


Hongyao is capable of understanding complex concepts, learning things by do with his hands and continues to push himself to improve. He is a sociable and gregarious individual who makes everyone around him feel welcome and important. Apart from his obvious enthusiasm for the courses, he manages to outshine his peers in other areas of his school innovation projects as well. Although he is a mechanical student, he has been studying the knowledge about computer by himself in his spare time. He leaded two innovation projects at school, one about the Python script with the DNS resolver, the other about Machine Learning recognizing nuts pictures, which was prized by our school’s professors as the first level. 

My courses are designed to encourage students to push their academic limits and exercise critical thinking. Hongyao accepts every challenge thrown at him and loves pushing his mind to the next level of understanding. The best example is perhaps his most recent paper which displayed not only his admiration for psychology but an undeniable comprehension of the history of cognitive psychology and its impact on modern psychology. Michael wrote a perfectly structured, well thought out review of the relationship between behavioral and cognitive psychology. His writing is eloquent and captivating, using clear bias-free language that is presented in great detail without being overburdening. It’s obvious that he spends countless hours researching and is able to produce this evidence in a clear and concise manner. In my mind it’s very apparent that this young man will go on to write journals and books that will nurture the advancement of modern psychology.

It brings me joy to think that I have had the opportunity to help Michael on his path to a career in psychology and I look forward to following his progress in the years to come. I am aware of CGU’s long and distinguished history with Applied Cognitive Psychology, and it is without hesitation that I recommend Michael into this program. If accepted, Michael will undoubtedly impress all his professors with his intelligence and dedication to his studies. I am happy to provide you with more information on this admirable student, feel free to contact me through the email I have provided.

Sincerely,
Ella Fan

